Note: IAM authentication isn't supported in Cloud (#3228)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/quickstarts/dbt-cloud/redshift-qs.md

7. You might be asked to Configure account. For the purpose of this sandbox environment, we recommend selecting “Configure account”.

8. Select your cluster from the list. In the **Connect to** popup, fill out the credentials from the output of the stack:

>     - **Authentication** &mdash; Use the default which is **Database user name and password** (NOTE: IAM authentication is not supported in dbt Cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Authentication** &mdash; Use the default which is **Database user name and password**.  Note: [IAM authentication](/reference/warehouse-setups/redshift-setup#iam-authentication) isn't supported in dbt Cloud, only in dbt Core using the CLI.
```
